Add Code of Conduct (#30)
django-commons/django-fsm-2: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> # Django Commons Playground Code of Conduct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Django FSM 2 Code of Conduct
```

Author: The reference file may not contain the project name. 
It will avoid stupid copy-pasta like mine! 😅

> The django-commons-playground project utilizes the [Django Commons Code of Conduct](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The django-fsm-2 project utilizes the [Django Commons Code of Conduct](https://github.com/django-commons/membership/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```
